# Charter of the United Nations Community 

<p align="center">
  With the intention to build an ever better, ever stronger and ever more developed international community, 
  and to continue the success of the Ro-Nation Community founded in 2012 and continued ever since, the United 
  Nations is established by the community, for the community, to provide a structure for international relations, 
  with the aspirations of our predecessors firmly in mind.*
</p>


CHAPTER I: ORGANS

The established, principal organs of the United Nations shall be a General Assembly, a Security Council, an International Court of Justice and a Secretariat.
Subsidiary organs may be founded, disbanded or be put in a status of freeze as deemed necessary in accordance with the appropriate procedures laid out in this Charter..


CHAPTER II: MEMBERSHIP

Membership in the United Nations is open to all ro-nations who have a minimum of 50 members in their ROBLOX group and accept the obligations contained in the present Charter and, in the judgement of the Organization, are able and willing to carry out these obligations. They must also have the ROBLOX group name to resemble that of the nation they are applying for. However there are different minimum requirement standards for fictional nations found in Part III.
The admission of any such state to membership in the United Nations will be affected by a decision of the General Assembly and shall require a simple majority there.
A fictional nation (defined as a nation that does not exist in the real world but is based on actual territory) must first be approved by the United Nations General Assembly. If approved, the nation’s application will then be sent to the United Nations Security Council  for a general vote.
A nation replacing an existing nation on the Security Council must be approved, after a vote of the General Assembly, by the Security Council. That new member state will take the existing nation’s seat in the Security Council.
The Organization shall ensure that states which are not Members of the United Nations act in accordance with these Principles so far as may be necessary for the maintenance of international peace and security.
A nation can only be formally removed from the United Nations by other member states for inactivity, failing to meet membership requirements, and being allied to two or more United Nations groups or Ro-nation hubs. Any bill removing nations for such a reason would require ⅔ of the vote in both the General Assembly and Security Council. Nations may also be removed for cyber crime violations at the discretion of group administration (more details found in Chapter VII).
The membership of a nation can be suspended with a max of one month (30 days) suspension. For it to be presented to either chamber, it would first have to be approved by the International Court of Justice and provide a clear and valid reason for the motion of a suspension. Once approved, it would require ⅔ of the vote in both the General Assembly and Security Council.

CHAPTER III: THE GENERAL ASSEMBLY

The General Assembly shall consist of all the Members of the United Nations.
Each Member shall have not more than four representatives in the General Assembly and shall have one collective vote.
The President of the General Assembly shall be elected by a simple majority vote of the General Assembly in an election. The term of office shall be two (2) months. An individual may seek re-election for one consecutive term only. Following the completion of two consecutive terms, the individual shall be ineligible for immediate re-election but may stand for election again after the conclusion of at least one intervening term, which the length may be shorter than two (2) months based on external circumstances.
The General Assembly President can be voted out of confidence with a simple ⅔ majority in the United Nations General Assembly.
The General Assembly President’s roles are:
1.) Will accept legislation and will ensure that the agendas are up to date, so that nations know what is being voted on and what passed
1.1.) The General Assembly President has the authority to automatically reject the admission agenda of all applicants who fail to meet the standards listed in this charter.
2.) Counting the votes, ensuring the fairness and the transparency of the process.
3.) Ensuring that the General Assembly attendance is high.
All proposals made by the General Assembly must receive the approval of the Security Council unless the proposal is solely related to the affairs or opinions of the General Assembly.
Decisions of the General Assembly on important questions shall be made with a majority vote of the members present and voting. These questions shall include recommendations with respect to the maintenance of international peace and security, the election of the non-permanent members of the Security Council, the admission of new Members to the United Nations, the suspension of the rights and privileges of membership, and the expulsion of Members.
Decisions on amending the charter shall require a ⅔ majority of the General Assembly Members present and voting and must likewise be approved by a ⅔ majority of the Security Council that is present and voting at their subsequent session.
The General Assembly shall meet regularly every Saturday at 5:00 PM UTC. Emergency sessions shall be convened by the President of the General Assembly on the petition of a minimum of fifteen members with a clear purpose submitted in that petition. 
X.I A nation which fails to attend the General Assembly more than five (5) times shall be recommended  for expulsion from the United Nations based on Chapter II. Section VII.
A proposal that has either failed the General Assembly, Security Council twice in a row may not be proposed for another two weeks.
An applying nation that has failed to be accepted by the General Assembly or Security Council thrice in a row shall not be allowed to apply for two weeks.
 The General Assembly shall adopt its own rules of procedure so long as it does not conflict with this charter or any United Nations law.
The General Assembly may establish such subsidiary organs as it deems necessary for the performance of its function.
In the case of any vote of no confidence against a sitting General Assembly President, it will need to be presented as a resolution with a reason with at least a 24 hour notice from the timing of the General Assembly. Once introduced, it will require ⅔ of the vote of the General Assembly that is present within the session it is presented within. If it fails the vote, it cannot be introduced again for the next 2 weeks.


CHAPTER IV: THE SECURITY COUNCIL

The Security Council shall consist of fifteen Members of the United Nations.
The Russian Federation, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United States of America, the People’s Republic of China, and the Republic of France shall be permanent members of the Security Council.
The General Assembly shall elect five Members of the United Nations and the permanent Members of the Security Council shall elect five other Members to be non-permanent members of the Security Council every three (3) months.
Each member of the Security Council shall have one representative, may have up to four other citizens of their country to observe and shall have one collective vote.
The President of the Security Council shall be elected by a simple majority of the Security Council in a session with their term lasting three (3) months. An individual may seek re-election for one consecutive term only. Following the completion of two consecutive terms, the individual shall be ineligible for immediate re-election but may stand for election again after the conclusion of at least one intervening term, which the length may be shorter than three (3) months based on external circumstances.
The Security Council President can be voted out of confidence with a simple ⅔ majority in the United Nations Security Council.
The Members of the United Nations agree to accept and carry out the decisions of the Security Council in accordance with the present Charter.
The Permanent Members of the Security Council may veto any proposal presented to it by the General Assembly or fellow Security Council Members, however, there shall be a ‘veto cooldown’ of two weeks (including the week of the veto) on resolutions.
A veto may be overridden if two Member States propose to hold a vote in the General Assembly to override the veto which must gain a ⅔ majority in favor of overriding the veto.
Permanent Members of the Security Council may only use their veto once the proposal has passed the Security Council. The veto can be used any time after the vote as long as it is before the end of the meeting.
Permanent Members of the Security Council shall not have the power to veto against applying nations and organizations or a vote of no confidence against a Secretary-General.
The Security Council shall hold weekly meetings every Saturday at 7:00 PM UTC. Emergency sessions shall be convened by the President of the Security Council on the petition of a minimum of five members with a clear purpose submitted in that petition.
Should a rotary nation have a consecutive non-attendance of three regular sessions, a motion will be allowed for their rotary seat to be removed.
In the event a rotary Security Council member is removed, elections for the vacant seat shall be hosted among all present and voting members of Security Council at the subsequent session.
Decisions of the Security Council on procedural matters shall be made by the President of the Security Council.
The Security Council may establish such subsidiary organs as it deems necessary for the performance of its functions.
Any Member of the United Nations which is not a member of the Security Council may participate, without a vote, in the discussion of any question brought before the Security Council as long as the Security Council President is informed prior to the session.
The Security Council may investigate any dispute or any situation which might lead to international friction or give rise to a dispute, in order to determine whether the continuance of the dispute or situation is likely to endanger the maintenance of international peace and security.
The Security Council may, at any stage of a dispute, recommend appropriate procedures or methods of adjustment. The Security Council should take into consideration any procedures for the settlement of the dispute which have already been adopted by the parties.
The Security Council may suspend membership from the Security Council of a membernation for a maximum of one month (30 days) and it must pass with a ⅔ vote in the Security Council. It also needs prior approval from the International Court of Justice before it is motioned with the same process as said in Chapter II. Section VIII.


CHAPTER V: THE SECRETARIAT

The Secretariat shall be composed of a Secretary-General and such staff as the organization may require.
The Secretary-General and the members of their staff shall be elected by a simple majority vote of the United Nations General Assembly in an election. The Secretary-General shall serve as the head of the Organization and shall be limited to one, four month term in office. No individual shall be eligible for immediate re-election to the office of Secretary-General; however, such individual may be eligible for re-election following the expiration of one full intervening term, which the length may be shorter than four (4) months based on external circumstances.
The Secretary-General and Deputy Secretary-General may be voted out of confidence by a ⅔ majority in the General Assembly and Security Council.
Definitions:
(1) ‘Confidence’ shall refer to GA/UNSC confidence in the secretariat.
(2) A ‘confidence motion’ shall refer to a motion by a nation in the General Assembly set to test the confidence of The General Assembly/UNSC in the Secretariat.

2. Mechanisms of  a Confidence Vote

(1) Roled nation representatives shall cast their vote.
The practise of casting your vote outside of the window of time known as the voting period shall be strictly prohibited and all votes cast by nation reps must be within the voting period as established by the President of the respective chamber.


(2) Confidence motions shall—
Be a question of confidence. 
Be presented and debated in-game.
Requires a qualified ⅔  majority, as established by the General Assembly and UNSC in order to pass and for the secretariat to be voted out.

(3) No confidence motion/vote of confidence may be tabled within 48hours of a    
      previous confidence motion being tabled, unless a confidence motion has failed and, pursuant to the Charter, an election for the Secretariat is necessary.

(4) This amendment specifies that a vote of confidence can only be initiated against the entire secretariat as a collective entity, rather than against individual members or positions within the secretariat.

3. The consequences of a passed vote of confidence

(1) If a vote of confidence garners a 2/3 majority in both the General Assembly and the Security Council, an election will be automatically triggered and scheduled by the United Nations Electoral Commission (UNEC), while the secretariat will transition into a caretaker status.


The Secretary-General shall act in that capacity in all meetings of the General Assembly and Security Council, and shall perform such other functions as entrusted to him by these organs. 
The Secretary-General may, in accordance with the provisions of this Charter, delegate to his subordinate staff such powers as are necessary to assist him in the performance of his duties. 
The Secretary-General may bring to the attention of the Security Council any matter which, in his opinion, may threaten the maintenance of international security. 
The Secretary-General shall oversee every department and branch in the United Nations that are of a political nature.
The Secretary-General’s jobs are defined as:
1.) Making sure the political aspect of the group runs smoothly
2.) Being the chief diplomat of this organization
3.) Working to ensure that meetings go smoothly, by assisting in the maintenance of our website’s agenda sections, so that all nations know what is going to be voted on, and what passed.
4.) Appoint committee heads for the political committees, whose jobs are to ensure that they run smoothly.


CHAPTER VI: INTERNATIONAL COURT OF JUSTICE

The International Court of Justice established by the Charter of the United Nations as the principal judicial organ of the United Nations shall be constituted and shall function in accordance with the provisions of this present Chapter.


The Court shall be composed of a body of independent judges, elected regardless of their nationality from among persons of high moral character, who possess the qualifications required for appointment to the highest judicial offices or are jurisconsults of recognized competence in international law.


Members of the Court shall be elected by the Security Council from a list of persons nominated by the Secretariat.
The Secretary-General shall prepare a list in alphabetical order of all the persons thus nominated. These shall be the only persons eligible. The Secretary-General shall submit this list to the General Assembly.
The General Assembly shall vote on the nominees which will then be passed to the Security Council to vote on as well. Only a majority of the vote is needed for nominees to pass.
The members of the Court shall be elected ad vitam aut culpam and shall be replaced only in the case of the resignation of a member of the Court or in the case of removal.
The members of the Court shall continue to discharge their duties until their places have been filled. Though replaced, they shall finish any cases which they may have begun.
In the case of the resignation of a member of the Court, the resignation shall be addressed to the President of the Court for transmission to the Secretary-General. This last notification makes the place vacant.
No member of the Court may act as agent, counsel, or advocate in any case.
No member may participate in the decision of any case in which he has previously taken part as agent, counsel, or advocate for one of the parties, or as a member of a national or international court, or of a commission of inquiry, or in any other capacity.
Any doubt on this point shall be settled by the decision of the Court.
No member of the Court can be dismissed unless, in the ⅔ opinion of the other members, they have  ceased to fulfill the required conditions or if the majority of the Security Council is convinced that the member has ceased to fulfill the required conditions. Formal notification thereof shall be made to the Secretary-General by the Registrar, this notification makes the place vacant.
Every member of the Court shall, before taking up his duties, make a solemn declaration in open court that he will exercise his powers impartially and conscientiously.
The Court shall elect its President and Vice-President for a term of three (3) months. The Presidency shall be rotated among the members of the Court in the order of seniority. The Court shall appoint its Registrar and may provide for the appointment of such other officers as may be necessary.
The Court shall remain permanently in session, except during the judicial vacations, the dates, and duration of which shall be fixed by the Court.
Members of the Court are entitled to periodic leave.
Members of the Court shall be bound, unless they are on leave or prevented from attending by illness or other serious reasons duly explained to the President, to hold themselves permanently at the disposal of the Court.
If for some special reason, a member of the Court considers that they should not take part in the decision of a particular case, they shall inform the President. If the President considers that for some special reason one of the members of the Court should not sit in a particular case, he shall give him notice accordingly. If in any such case the member of the Court and the President disagree, the matter shall be settled by the decision of the Court.
The full Court shall sit except when it is expressly provided otherwise in the present Statute. A quorum of three judges shall suffice to constitute the Court.
The Court shall frame rules for carrying out its functions. In particular, it shall lay down rules of procedure.
Should there be several parties in the same interest, they shall, for the purpose of the preceding provisions, be reckoned as one party only. Any doubt upon this point shall be settled by the decision of the Court.
The jurisdiction of the Court comprises all cases which the parties refer to and all matters specially provided for in the Charter of the United Nations or in treaties and conventions in force.
The states parties to the present Statute declare that they recognize as compulsory ipso facto and without special agreement, in relation to any other state accepting the same obligation, the jurisdiction of the Court in all legal disputes concerning:
A. the interpretation of a treaty;
B. any question of international law;
C. the existence of any fact which, if established, would constitute a breach of an international obligation;
D. the interpretation of the United Nations Charter;
E. the nature or extent of the reparation to be made for the breach of an international obligation.
In the event of a dispute as to whether the Court has jurisdiction, the matter shall be settled by the decision of the Court.
The Court, whose function is to decide in accordance with international law such disputes as are submitted to it, shall apply;
A. International conventions, whether general or particular, establishing rules expressly recognized by the contesting states;
B. International custom, as evidence of a general practice accepted as law;
C. The general principles of law recognized by civilized nations;
This provision shall not prejudice the power of the Court to decide a case ex aequo et Bono, if the parties agree thereto.
The official language of the Court shall be English.
Cases are brought before the Court by a written application addressed to the Registrar. The subject of the dispute and the parties shall be indicated.
A. The Registrar shall forthwith communicate the application to all concerned.
B. He shall also notify the Members of the United Nations through the Secretary-General, and also any other states entitled to appear before the Court.
The Court shall have the power to indicate if it considers that circumstances so require, any provisional measures which ought to be taken to preserve the respective rights of either party.
Pending the final decision, a notice of the measures suggested shall forthwith be given to the parties and to the Security Council.
The hearing in Court shall be public, unless the Court shall decide otherwise, or unless the parties demand that the public be not admitted.
The hearing shall be under the control of the President, or, if he is not able to preside, of the Vice-President; if neither is able to preside, the senior judge present shall preside.
The Court shall be further responsible for its proceedings regarding everything outside the purview of this herein Charter.
The parties shall be represented by agents. They may have the assistance of counsel or advocates before the court.
The procedure shall consist of two parts: written and oral.
The written proceedings shall consist of the communication to the Court and to the parties of memorials, counter-memorials and, if necessary, replies; also all papers and documents in support.
These communications shall be made through the Registrar, in the order and within the time fixed by the Court.
A certified copy of every document produced by one party shall be communicated to the other party.
The oral proceedings shall consist of the hearing by the Court of witnesses, experts, agents, counsel, and advocates.



 CHAPTER VII: MANAGEMENT, BANS AND SAFETY

Group Management, at their own discretion, may organize their hierarchy for determining how to exercise their powers in this present Charter, however, the Group Holder must retain final executive authority.
Group Management may not remove a sitting Secretary-General or interfere in the processes of the United Nations and shall be bound by impartiality and non-interference without exception. 
Group Management shall be in charge of hosting United Nations Secretary-General elections, President of the General Assembly elections and President of the Security Council elections.
Group Management reserves the power to remove community members to protect the safety of the community. Those banned, under special circumstances, may have the ability to appeal such that ample evidence is provided or existing evidence is rigorously disproved. Appeals are not guaranteed and are subject to the discretion of Group Management.
Group Management will be in charge of server moderation and Interpol which will serve as the cyber criminal division of the group. Decisions regarding Interpol  will be subject to the discretion of Group Management.

